W-17971307-OS-limitation-inCH-dm (#126)
mulesoft/docs-object-store: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

For CloudHub applications using Mule 3, Object Store v2 overrides the `_defaultUserObjectStore` object store. To use Object Store v2 in Mule 3 CloudHub applications, set the Object Store reference field to the `_defaultUserObjectStore` value.
* Using Object Store v2 with multi-worker CloudHub applications might result in data discrepancies or key clashes.
+

> This behavior occurs because the "Distributed Locking" feature is not available in CloudHub when working with Object Store v2. As a result, under certain conditions, when multiple Mule components attempt to update Object Store v2 tables simultaneously, such calls may fail.

Author: ```suggestion
This behavior occurs because the "Distributed Locking" feature isn't available in CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0 when working with Object Store v2. As a result, under certain conditions, when multiple Mule components attempt to update Object Store v2 tables simultaneously, such calls may fail.
```

+

> To avoid these issues in CloudHub 2.0, use a distributed key-value store as a lock to synchronize access to Object Store v2. For information about distributed locking in Mule runtime engine, see xref:mule-runtime::distributed-locking.adoc[Distributed Locking].

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid these issues, use a distributed key-value store as a lock to synchronize access to Object Store v2. For information about distributed locking in Mule runtime engine, see xref:mule-runtime::distributed-locking.adoc[Distributed Locking].
```
